content/events/2025-2026/2025-07-26-trail-and-error.md, before:

---
display_title: "Trail & Error"
title: "Trail & Error"
date: 2025-07-26T00:00:00Z
draft: false
layout: event
poster: "/images/event_posters/2025-2026/trail-and-error-july-26.png"
poster_cover: "contain"
poster_position: "center"
short_description: "Meet other CS students and explore the nature of Ottawa-Gatineau!"
start_time: "1:00 PM EST"
location: "Mooney's Bay and Hogs Back Falls"
location_link: "https://maps.app.goo.gl/vYWi4gBBcQFda1bGA"
background: "images/orientation2018-min.jpeg"
publishdate: 2025-07-20
---
This event is running every other weekend for the summer (weather permitting).
### Destination
[**Mooney's Bay and Hogs Back Falls Loop**](https://www.alltrails.com/trail/canada/ontario/mooney-s-bay-walk?u=m&sh=pyqp4t).

[Meeting spot](https://maps.app.goo.gl/vYWi4gBBcQFda1bGA).

Make sure you **bring sunscreen**, at least 2 refillable bottles full of **water** and wear **proper hiking clothes and shoes**.

**NOTE:** *Hikes may be postponed depending on the weather. If the date changes, we’ll post updates on our Instagram stories and Discord.*

---

### Previous Hikes:
- **July 12th** - Parliament Hill Loop
- **June 29th** - Pink Lake Trail, Gatineau Park
- **June 7th** - Waterfall and Laurialt Trail, Gatineau Park

Commit message:

added info for weekly trail and error hike

content/events/2025-2026/2025-07-26-trail-and-error.md, after:

---
display_title: "Trail & Error"
title: "Trail & Error"
date: 2025-08-09T00:00:00Z
draft: false
layout: event
poster: "/images/event_posters/2025-2026/trail-and-error-august-9.png"
poster_cover: "contain"
poster_position: "center"
short_description: "Meet other CS students and explore the nature of Ottawa-Gatineau!"
start_time: "1:00 PM EST"
location: "Rideau Canal Waterway and Dow's Lake"
location_link: "https://maps.app.goo.gl/vYWi4gBBcQFda1bGA"
background: "images/orientation2018-min.jpeg"
publishdate: 2025-07-20
---
**NOTE:** This is our **Final Hike** for this event.

### Destination
[**Rideau Canal Waterway and Dow's Lake**](https://www.alltrails.com/trail/canada/ontario/rideau-canal-waterway-and-dows-lake-loop).

[Meeting spot](https://maps.app.goo.gl/K3wggrFb9aFcc83D8) - Next to Rideau Canal pathway map.

Look for people wearing a **red CCSS laniard with a tag that says "volunteer."** This is who will be leading the walk. 

Make sure you **bring sunscreen**, at least 2 refillable bottles full of **water** and wear **proper hiking clothes and shoes**.

**NOTE:** *Hikes may be postponed depending on the weather. If the date changes, we’ll post updates on our Instagram stories and Discord.*

---

### Previous Hikes:
- **July 26th** - Mooney's Bay and Hog's Back Falls
- **July 12th** - Parliament Hill Loop
- **June 29th** - Pink Lake Trail, Gatineau Park
- **June 7th** - Waterfall and Laurialt Trail, Gatineau Park
