content/events/2025-2026/2025-05-31-trail-and-error.md, before:

---
display_title: "Trail & Error"
title: "Trail & Error"
date: 2025-06-07T00:00:00Z
draft: false
layout: event
poster: "/images/event_posters/2025-2026/trail-and-error.png"
poster_cover: "contain"
poster_position: "center"
short_description: "Join us in exploring the paths and nature of Gatineau Park's King Mountain!"
start_time: "1:00 PM EST"
location: "Pindigen Park"
location_link: "https://maps.app.goo.gl/vAmtuX1e6PU1EAkA7"
background: "images/orientation2018-min.jpeg"
publishdate: 2025-05-31
---
**Please arrive at Pindigen Park by 1 PM to catch the shuttle!**

To get to Pindigen Park, you can take the 10 Main line bus from Carleton to Bronson / Laurier W, after which Pindigen is a 10 minute walk away. 
[Google maps path](https://maps.app.goo.gl/aZiGCe9jF6oaXfU47).

Make sure you **bring sunscreen**, at least 2 refillable bottles full of **water** and wear **proper hiking clothes and shoes**, as this is listed as a 'challenging' trail. 

We will likely be stopping at some point through the hike to have lunch, so **bringing light food / snacks is recommended.**

A map of the park can be found [here](https://ncc-ccn.gc.ca/places/gatineau-park-trails-map).

Commit message:

updated details and summary for trail and error hike (#593)

content/events/2025-2026/2025-05-31-trail-and-error.md, after:

---
display_title: "Trail & Error"
title: "Trail & Error"
date: 2025-06-07T00:00:00Z
draft: false
layout: event
poster: "/images/event_posters/2025-2026/trail-and-error.png"
poster_cover: "contain"
poster_position: "center"
short_description: "Join us in exploring the paths and nature of Gatineau Park!"
start_time: "1:00 PM EST"
location: "Pindigen Park"
location_link: "https://maps.app.goo.gl/vAmtuX1e6PU1EAkA7"
background: "images/orientation2018-min.jpeg"
publishdate: 2025-05-31
---

**Notice: A MODERATE\* Air Pollution Level is predicted for 2025-06-07.**

***Moderate: "Air quality is acceptable; however, for some pollutants there may be a moderate health concern for a very small number of people who are unusually sensitive to air pollution."**

Please consider not attending this hike if you are someone who could potentially be affected by these conditions.

**Please arrive at Pindigen Park by 1 PM to catch the shuttle!**

To get to Pindigen Park, you can take the 10 Main line bus from Carleton to Bronson / Laurier W, after which Pindigen is a 10 minute walk away. 
[Google maps path](https://maps.app.goo.gl/aZiGCe9jF6oaXfU47).

Make sure you **bring sunscreen**, at least 2 refillable bottles full of **water** and wear **proper hiking clothes and shoes**, as this is listed as a 'challenging' trail.

We will likely be stopping at some point through the hike to have lunch, so **bringing light food / snacks is recommended.**

A map of the park can be found [here](https://ncc-ccn.gc.ca/places/gatineau-park-trails-map).
