content/blog/2022-2023/2022-06-05-ccss-summer-dev-projects-introduction.md, before:

---
title: "CCSS Summer Dev Projects Introduction"
date: 2022-06-05T00:00:00Z
draft: true
layout: overlaypost
preview: "images/blog/2020-2021/forest.jpg"
background: "images/orientation2018-min.jpeg"
excerpt: "An introduction to students participating in the CCSS Summer Dev Projects"
hideBanner: false
featured: true
author: Forest Anderson
categories:
- blog
---

# CCSS Summer Dev Projects

## Introductions

### Forest Anderson ([@AngelOnFira](https://github.com/angelonfira))

Hi! I’m Forest 👋

I’m a computer science student with honours in game development at Carleton
University in Ottawa, Canada 🇨🇦 I love running any events in the game,
security, backend, and cloud spaces. Some of my favorites are game jams,
security CTFs, and interactive cloud workshops.

On the side, I also do lots of open source work in the Rustlang ecosystem 🦀 I’m
part of the Rust Gamedev Working Group, and the team lead of the Rust CTCFT
team. I’m also one of the core developers on Veloren, an open source game
similar to Minecraft. In the Rust communty, I run a monthly game dev meetup, and
co-edit the monthly game dev newsletter.

Commit message:

Added introduction section to blog (#216)
* Added section for introduction to students

* Added name

content/blog/2022-2023/2022-06-05-ccss-summer-dev-projects-introduction.md, after:

---
title: "CCSS Summer Dev Projects Introduction"
date: 2022-06-05T00:00:00Z
draft: true
layout: overlaypost
preview: "images/blog/2020-2021/forest.jpg"
background: "images/orientation2018-min.jpeg"
excerpt: "An introduction to students participating in the CCSS Summer Dev Projects"
hideBanner: false
featured: true
author: Forest Anderson
categories:
- blog
---

# CCSS Summer Dev Projects

Hi, I'm Forest!

This summer, Carleton students are working on several projects to help with
certain courses at Carleton. To find out more about the projects, go
[here](#todo).

This blog post will introduce some of the students behind these projects. Any
student is able to participate, and many are in different years of university.
There are also many different skillsets in use, with development to the frontend
of websites, backend web servers, and even some other tooling in the middle.

The projects are all open source, so [feel free to check them out for yourself](https://github.com/CarletonComputerScienceSociety?type=source)!

## Introductions

### Forest Anderson ([@AngelOnFira](https://github.com/angelonfira))

Hi! I’m Forest 👋

I’m a computer science student with honours in game development at Carleton
University in Ottawa, Canada 🇨🇦 I love running any events in the game,
security, backend, and cloud spaces. Some of my favorites are game jams,
security CTFs, and interactive cloud workshops.

On the side, I also do lots of open source work in the Rustlang ecosystem 🦀 I’m
part of the Rust Gamedev Working Group, and the team lead of the Rust CTCFT
team. I’m also one of the core developers on Veloren, an open source game
similar to Minecraft. In the Rust communty, I run a monthly game dev meetup, and
co-edit the monthly game dev newsletter.
