content/events/2021-2022/2021-12-01-advent-of-code.md, before:

---
display_title: "Dev Club: December Meeting"
title: "Dev Club: December Meeting"
date: 2021-12-01T00:00:00Z
draft: false
layout: event
poster: "images/event_posters/2021-2022/advent_of_code.jpg"
poster_cover: "contain"
poster_position: "center"
short_description: "Join the CCSS Advent of Code Calendar!"
start_time: "Dec 1st - Dec 24th"
location: "Advent of Code"
location_link: "https://adventofcode.com/2021/leaderboard/private/view/970906"
background: "images/orientation2018-min.jpeg"
publishdate: 2021-01-24
---

## Description

This December, celebrate the holidays with [Advent of Code!](https://adventofcode.com/)

Advent of Code is an Advent calendar of small programming puzzles that can be solved in any programming language you like.

This year, the CCSS will be hosting its own Advent of Code leaderboard and solutions repository! To join other participating Carleton CS students, login to Advent of Code and join using our unique leaderboard code: **970906-fa1dc2ae**

Interested in sharing your solution? We will also be hosting our own [solutions repository](https://github.com/CarletonComputerScienceSociety/advent-of-code) on Github for any Carleton students to contribute to.

Commit message:

fix advent of code title

content/events/2021-2022/2021-12-01-advent-of-code.md, after:

---
display_title: "Advent of Code 2021"
title: "Advent of Code 2021"
date: 2021-12-01T00:00:00Z
draft: false
layout: event
poster: "images/event_posters/2021-2022/advent_of_code.jpg"
poster_cover: "contain"
poster_position: "center"
short_description: "Join the CCSS Advent of Code Calendar!"
start_time: "Dec 1st - Dec 24th"
location: "Advent of Code"
location_link: "https://adventofcode.com/2021/leaderboard/private/view/970906"
background: "images/orientation2018-min.jpeg"
publishdate: 2021-01-24
---

## Description

This December, celebrate the holidays with [Advent of Code!](https://adventofcode.com/)

Advent of Code is an Advent calendar of small programming puzzles that can be solved in any programming language you like.

This year, the CCSS will be hosting its own Advent of Code leaderboard and solutions repository! To join other participating Carleton CS students, login to Advent of Code and join using our unique leaderboard code: **970906-fa1dc2ae**

Interested in sharing your solution? We will also be hosting our own [solutions repository](https://github.com/CarletonComputerScienceSociety/advent-of-code) on Github for any Carleton students to contribute to.
