content/resources/faqs/comp1405-z-section.md, before:

---
title: "What is the COMP 1405 Z Section?"
date: 2024-10-06T00:00:00Z
last_updated: 2024-10-06T00:00:00Z
draft: false
layout: faq-question
summary: "The Z section is an accelerated course that combines the content of COMP 1405 and COMP 1406 into a single term."
contributors:
- Aditya "Jacc" Padmakar
sources:
  - name: Shopify Dev Degree
    link: https://devdegree.ca/
  - name: Override Requests
    link: https://carleton.ca/registrar/registration/override-requests/
related:
- first-year-course-selection
---

The Z section is an **accelerated version of COMP 1405 and COMP 1406**, which allows you to complete both of them in the fall semester. COMP 1405 Z runs during the first half of the semester and COMP 1406 Z runs during the second half of the semester. It is important to note that the Z section is **not a separate course**, it is just a different section of both COMP 1405 and COMP 1406.

The learning outcomes and topics covered are the same as the standard versions of these courses, but they are covered in half as much time. It is recommended that you have some **prior programming experience** in order to ensure that you are able to keep up with the pace of the course.

To register for the Z section, you should either be a **Shopify Dev Degree** (1) student or have an **admission average of 90%** or higher. You must also submit an **override request** (2) to get permission to register.

Commit message:

Add resources content (#601)
* added faq page: should I register for both terms?

* added faq page: what are time tickets?

* added faq page content: which courses in first year

* updated faq content: switch course affter registering

* updated faq page content: how many courses in a semester

* updated faq content: can I take 2000 level courses in first year

* updated resource content: lectures vs tutorials

* updated faq content: override request

* updated faq content: course does not have instructor

* updated faq content: course does not have instructor

* updated faq content: are all sections the same

* updated faq content: contact for registration help

* updated faq content: which courses can I take as electives

* swap order of related and sources

* split z section and comp 2000 level article

* add veronica articles

* update article order

* update line spacing and conditionally render sources heading

* faq edits

* linting

* fix links and add related content

---------

Co-authored-by: Riley Lutz <lutzriley389@gmail.com>

content/resources/faqs/comp1405-z-section.md, after:

---
title: "What is the COMP 1405/1406-Z section?"
date: 2024-10-06T00:00:00Z
last_updated: 2025-06-20T00:00:00Z
draft: false
layout: faq-question
summary: "The Z section is an accelerated course that combines the content of COMP 1405 and COMP 1406 into a single term."
contributors:
- Jacc Padmakar
sources:
  - name: Shopify Dev Degree
    link: https://devdegree.ca/
  - name: Bachelor of Cybersecurity Program
    link: "https://carleton.ca/scs/current-students/bachelor-of-cybersecurity/bcyber-courses-and-registration/"
  - name: Override Requests
    link: https://carleton.ca/registration/override-requests/
related:
- should-you-take-z-section
---

The Z section is an **accelerated version of COMP 1405 and COMP 1406**, which allows you to complete both of them in the fall semester. COMP 1405 Z runs during the first half of the semester and COMP 1406 Z runs during the second half of the semester. It is important to note that the Z section is **not a separate course**, it is just a different section of both COMP 1405 and COMP 1406.

The learning outcomes and topics covered are the same as the standard versions of these courses, but they are covered in half as much time. It is recommended that you have some **prior programming experience** in order to ensure that you are able to keep up with the pace of the course.

The Z section is primarily for students in the [Shopify Dev Degree](https://devdegree.ca/) and [Bachelor of Cybersecurity (B.Cyber)](https://carleton.ca/scs/current-students/bachelor-of-cybersecurity/bcyber-courses-and-registration/) programs. However, Bachelor of Computer Science (BCS) students with an admission average of 90% or higher may also be eligible to take the course. If you are a BCS student, you must submit a [registration override request](https://carleton.ca/registration/override-requests/) to get permission to register.
