content/resources/faqs/free-vs-breadth-electives.md, before:

---
title: "What is a Breadth elective vs a Free elective?"
date: 2024-05-31T00:00:00Z
last_updated: 2024-05-31T00:00:00Z
draft: false
layout: faq-question
summary: "Breadth Electives cannot be under COMP, MATH, or STAT. Free Electives can be from any department."
contributors:
- Matthew MacRae-Bovell
sources:
  - name: School of Computer Science - Electives and Prohibited Courses
    link: https://carleton.ca/scs/current-students/undergraduate-students/help-selecting-courses/electives-and-prohibited-courses/
---

Breadth Electives **cannot** be under **COMP, MATH, or STAT**. After you fulfill your breadth elective requirement, courses that would have counted towards your breadth requirement begin to count as free electives.

"**Breadth Electives** are all of the courses offered by the Faculty of Arts and Social Sciences, the Faculty of Public Affairs, the Sprott School of Business, and the Faculty of Science. This excludes prohibited courses ... and all courses in Computer Science, Math and Statistics, and courses under the Faculty of Engineering and Design." (1)

"**Free Electives** are all courses in Approved Arts, Social Sciences, Science, Business, Computer Science, Math, and Statistics, excluding all prohibited courses. Engineering courses can also count as Free Electives, but never Breadth." (1)

Commit message:

Add resources content (#601)
* added faq page: should I register for both terms?

* added faq page: what are time tickets?

* added faq page content: which courses in first year

* updated faq content: switch course affter registering

* updated faq page content: how many courses in a semester

* updated faq content: can I take 2000 level courses in first year

* updated resource content: lectures vs tutorials

* updated faq content: override request

* updated faq content: course does not have instructor

* updated faq content: course does not have instructor

* updated faq content: are all sections the same

* updated faq content: contact for registration help

* updated faq content: which courses can I take as electives

* swap order of related and sources

* split z section and comp 2000 level article

* add veronica articles

* update article order

* update line spacing and conditionally render sources heading

* faq edits

* linting

* fix links and add related content

---------

Co-authored-by: Riley Lutz <lutzriley389@gmail.com>

content/resources/faqs/free-vs-breadth-electives.md, after:

---
title: "What is a Breadth elective vs a Free elective?"
date: 2024-05-31T00:00:00Z
last_updated: 2025-06-20T00:00:00Z
draft: false
layout: faq-question
summary: "Breadth Electives cannot be under COMP, MATH, STAT, CSEC, DATA or Engineering. Free Electives can be from any department."
contributors:
- Matthew MacRae-Bovell
sources:
  - name: Prohibited courses for Computer Science students
    link: https://calendar.carleton.ca/undergrad/undergradprograms/computerscience/#text:~:text=Course%20Categories%20(B.C.S.)
  - name: School of Computer Science - Courses and Registration
    link: https://carleton.ca/scs/current-students/undergraduate-students/courses-and-registration/#UG_electives_and_prohibited:~:text=a%20payment.-,Electives%20and%20Prohibited%20Courses,-Electives%20are%20courses
related: 
- which-electives-should-I-take
---

**Breadth Electives cannot** be under **COMP, MATH, STAT, CSEC, DATA or Engineering**, or on the list of **[prohibited courses](https://calendar.carleton.ca/undergrad/undergradprograms/computerscience/#text:~:text=Course%20Categories%20(B.C.S.))**. After you fulfill your breadth elective requirement, courses that would have counted towards your breadth requirement begin to count as free electives.

"Breadth Electives are all of the courses offered by the Faculty of Arts and Social Sciences, the Faculty of Public and Global Affairs, the Sprott School of Business, and the Faculty of Science. This excludes prohibited courses (see below) and all courses in Computer Science, Cybersecurity, Data Science, Math and Statistics, and courses under the Faculty of Engineering and Design." [2]

**Free Electives** can be **any course that is not prohibited**. These may be used to take more breadth courses, or additional COMP, MATH and STAT courses that are not required for your degree.

"Free Electives are all courses in Approved Arts, Social Sciences, Science, Business, Computer Science, Cybersecurity, Data Science, Math and Statistics, excluding all prohibited courses (see below). Engineering courses can also count as Free Electives, but never Breadth." [2]

**NOTE:** *Computer Science students cannot register for CSEC or DATA courses. However, if you took these courses before transferring into Computer Science, they will be considered free electives.*
