content/events/2020-2021/society/2020-11-27-fall-general-meeting.md, before:

---
display_title: "Fall General Meeting"
title: "Fall General Meeting"
date: 2020-11-27T00:00:00Z
draft: false
layout: event
poster: "images/event_posters/2020-2021/fall_general_meeting.jpg"
poster_cover: "contain"
poster_position: "center"
short_description: "The CCSS Fall General Meeting will be taking place this Tuesday, Novermber 27 at 7:30 PM EST."
start_time: "7:30 - 8:30 PM EDT"
location: "Microsoft Teams"
location_link: "https://teams.microsoft.com/dl/launcher/launcher.html?url=%2F_%23%2Fl%2Fmeetup-join%2F19%3Ameeting_ZTdhMmQwMGQtY2FkNC00ZjFiLTg1OTctZDM3YmQyZDIwMTky%40thread.v2%2F0%3Fcontext%3D%257B%2522Tid%2522%253A%25226ad91895-de06-485e-bc51-fce126cc8530%2522%252C%2522Oid%2522%253A%25228f673cc7-c6a0-4fba-abe4-237b3a53eb2f%2522%257D%26anon%3Dtrue&type=meetup-join&deeplinkId=fb3c69bf-20e1-4c8f-8e69-2bac73eb8a37&directDl=true&msLaunch=true&enableMobilePage=true&suppressPrompt=true"
background: "images/orientation2018-min.jpeg"
tags:
- society
---

## Description
The CCSS Fall General Meeting will take place on Tuesday, November 10 at 7:30 PM EST. At the meeting, we will discuss the goal of the society and its operations, vote on any proposed changes to the Constitution, and allow members to ask society-related questions directly to the Board of Directors.

All CCSS members (that's you!) are encouraged to attend the general meeting to be well-informed about the activities of the society. To sweeten the deal, all attendees will be entered into a raffle for a chance to win one of five tickets to CUSEC 2021!

The meeting will take place virtually on Microsoft Teams.

## Slides

Click [here](/pdfs/2020-2021/fall_general_meeting.pdf) to view the meeting slides.

Commit message:

fall 2020 events (#145)
* Herzberg for the Holidays

* Building a Hello World Web App

* League of Legends Game Night

* Mini Hack: Building Native Applications

* Trivia Night: Jackbox Edition

* Herzberg Lecture

* Keep Talking and Nobody Explodes

* Prof Social

* Fall General Meeting

* Equity and Inclusion

* Guide to Game Dev Industry

* Comp Sci Horror Stories

* Fright Night

* Horror Game Night

* Beginner's Guide to Linux

* Cram Session

* Fixes

* Optimised images with calibre/image-actions

Co-authored-by: Sarah Ali <sarah23398@yahoo.ca>
Co-authored-by: github-actions[bot] <41898282+github-actions[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

content/events/2020-2021/society/2020-11-27-fall-general-meeting.md, after:

---
display_title: "Fall General Meeting"
title: "Fall General Meeting"
date: 2020-11-27T00:00:00Z
draft: false
layout: event
poster: "images/event_posters/2020-2021/fall_general_meeting.jpg"
poster_cover: "contain"
poster_position: "center"
short_description: "The CCSS Fall General Meeting will be taking place this Tuesday, Novermber 27 at 7:30 PM EST."
start_time: "7:30 - 8:30 PM EDT"
location: "Microsoft Teams"
location_link: "https://teams.microsoft.com/dl/launcher/launcher.html?url=%2F_%23%2Fl%2Fmeetup-join%2F19%3Ameeting_ZTdhMmQwMGQtY2FkNC00ZjFiLTg1OTctZDM3YmQyZDIwMTky%40thread.v2%2F0%3Fcontext%3D%257B%2522Tid%2522%253A%25226ad91895-de06-485e-bc51-fce126cc8530%2522%252C%2522Oid%2522%253A%25228f673cc7-c6a0-4fba-abe4-237b3a53eb2f%2522%257D%26anon%3Dtrue&type=meetup-join&deeplinkId=fb3c69bf-20e1-4c8f-8e69-2bac73eb8a37&directDl=true&msLaunch=true&enableMobilePage=true&suppressPrompt=true"
background: "images/orientation2018-min.jpeg"
tags:
- society
---

## Description
The CCSS Fall General Meeting will take place on Tuesday, November 10 at 7:30 PM EST. At the meeting, we will discuss the goal of the society and its operations, vote on any proposed changes to the Constitution, and allow members to ask society-related questions directly to the Board of Directors.

The CCSS Fall General Meeting will take place on Tuesday, November 10 at 7:30 PM EST. At the meeting, we will discuss the goal of the society and its operations, vote on any proposed changes to the Constitution, and allow members to ask society-related questions directly to the Board of Directors.

All CCSS members (that's you!) are encouraged to attend the general meeting to be well-informed about the activities of the society. To sweeten the deal, all attendees will be entered into a raffle for a chance to win one of five tickets to CUSEC 2021!

The meeting will take place virtually on Microsoft Teams.

## Slides

Click [here](/pdfs/2020-2021/fall_general_meeting.pdf) to view the meeting slides.
